[docs] Add What doesn't count as a breaking change? (#32850)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/getting-started/supported-platforms/supported-platforms.md

<!-- #stable-snapshot -->

> MUI supports [Node.js](https://github.com/nodejs/node) starting with version 12.0 for server-side rendering.

Reviewer: MUI or Material UI?

Author: I think that we can envision https://mui.com/material-ui/getting-started/supported-platforms/ as the shared guidelines for all the products, so I would suggest we keep MUI.

> This aims to match the [LTS versions that are in maintenance](https://github.com/nodejs/Release#release-schedule) mode.

Reviewer: Aims or matches?

Author: ?
```suggestion
The objective is to support Node.js down to the [last version in maintenance mode](https://github.com/nodejs/Release#release-schedule).
```

<!-- #stable-snapshot -->

> MUI supports [Node.js](https://github.com/nodejs/node) starting with version 12.0 for server-side rendering.

Author: I'm not sure, it still works on newer versions of Node.js without ESM.

> MUI supports [Node.js](https://github.com/nodejs/node) starting with version 12.0 for server-side rendering.

Reviewer 2: the only problem that I can think of is that both module systems don't interoperate well and people may have expectations of compatibility of mui with other libraries. can't immediately think of a good example though
